Resumo de Sessão, DM Hugo, 24/07/2025
DATA: 24/07/2025
DM: Hugo
Players:
Nina, sorcerer lvl3
Jojo, rogue lvl3
Primrose, ranger lvl3
Sanji, monk lvl3
Poto, cleric lvl3
Ketrich, warlock lvl2
Resumo:

It all starts in the Tavern, when Ketrich, attracted by the unusual sight, approaches a triton (named Nina) practicing some magic. They start to talk. 
Another triton arrives, interrupts them, and asks them to go to another freshly opened tavern. Apparently, something is going on there. 
The tavern is in the River Quarter, and the owner is named Kas Kardwall. 
Arrived in the River Quarter, they find a very full fish restaurant and decide to enter. It’s very crowded and the smell is amazing; the dishes look even better.
But suddenly, a scream! “The food is gone crazy!!!” - a little goblin chef yells.
Ketrich and Nina are ready to fight the food, and a party of 4 adventurers enjoying their dinner joins them.
Tavern brawl with 4 huge crabs and 3 octopuses!
Something is strange: killing the seafood turns them into humans.
The food is defeated, but the mystery remains. 
We (Ketrich, Nina, and the 4 adventurers, Poto, Jojo, Primrose, and Sanji) try to interrogate the chef (he was Kas Kardwall) about what happened.
The chef is on the edge of a mental breakdown
We discover a few details:
some people have been polymorphed into sea creatures
someone is trying to sabotage the chef?
the chef bought the food from the “Sandpiper”, a vessel of fishermen
We go to investigate at the arbour
REALLY bad success in having info about the Sandpiper, but we find it
A black (suspicious) boat is docked near the Sandpiper.
The only person we see on the boats is a woman; we try to talk to her to understand something about the Sandpiper. 
She lies to us, and we don’t really trust her. Nina tries to use a “hold person” to convince her to talk with us. This is not working; the party charisma should be reviewed.
She turned into a sea hag. Sanji preferred her before.
The fight is hard: she summons 4 ghouls, and later on, 2 water elementals.
Poto saves us all from an assured death. Primrose talks too much but also saves Nina, so she’s excused, and Jojo has a strange attachment to her sister and devastates a ghoul close by her. Ketrich gives the last hit to the hag, and finally, we are safe.
The hag was turning people into sea creatures, and the boat was her lair.
We also discover that it was the waitress of the restaurant who bought the “fish” from her and was involved in the accident at the tavern.
We go back to the restaurant, talk with Kas about what we discovered, he pays us for the service, and everything ends well. Ketrich and Nina return to the Tavern, while the other 4 adventurers go back to their quests.
